Stop for me hey
Xiao Nian, who asked you to follow me?
You have no distinction now
Are you putting yourself
To be the mistress of the house
Wife, calm down, okay?
You let him follow me
It's all a misunderstanding
Chu Minghua
Do you think I'm dying?
I can't wait to change my wife
Isn't that worrying about you?
How can you say that to me? Worry about me
Since I was sick until now
Have you asked me how my recovery is going?
Do you care about me eating well and sleeping well?
Did you care?
Am I not busy?
busy
You are too busy to take care of the children every day
So busy that there is less and less money in the account at home
Chu Niannian, what are you busy with?
I have so many things to do.
I can't tell you everything, can I?
Anyway.
It's all for this family
For you and your children
They wronged us.
wronged
You wronged me with him, right?
You dare to say that today is not to catch rape
You also know Mrs. Chen, the bank manager.
How hard did I go to ask him out?
You can give me the person completely
I really didn't know you were doing it for me.
You see you are good for me and I am good for you
Everyone is thinking of each other
This is a misunderstanding wife
Wei Xiaonian, I will give you the highest salary
Let you eat and live with your master
Four seasons of gifts
How about you? You're based on my man
Has your conscience been eaten by a dog?
Hurry up!
Nope.
Get out of my house right now